README.md, before:

# Electric-Vehicles-EDA
Electric Vehicles EDA

Team DSFT 1 : Andreas Katsaros, Dimitris Farantos <br>
Project : Electric Vehicle Population


## About Dataset

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/daniilkrasnoproshin/electric-vehicle-population-data

Electric Vehicle Population Data for Washington State

Description:
This dataset presents registered Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs) and Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEVs) through the Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL). It includes information such as VIN, county, city, state, postal code, model year, make, model, electric vehicle type, eligibility for Clean Alternative Fuel Vehicle (CAFV), electric range, base MSRP, legislative district, DOL vehicle ID, vehicle location, electric utility, and 2020 census tract.

Usage:
Explore the distribution and trends of electric vehicle adoption in Washington State. Analyze factors influencing the choice of electric vehicles and their geographical distribution.

Headers:

- VIN (1-10): Vehicle Identification Number.
- County: County where the vehicle is registered.
- City: City where the vehicle is registered.
- State: State where the vehicle is registered.
- Postal Code: Postal code of the registration location.
- Model Year: Year of the vehicle model.
- Make: Manufacturer of the vehicle.
- Model: Model of the vehicle.
- Electric Vehicle Type: Type of electric vehicle (BEV or PHEV).
- CAFV Eligibility: Clean Alternative Fuel Vehicle eligibility.
- Electric Range: Range of the vehicle on electric power.
- Base MSRP: Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price.
- Legislative District: Legislative district of the registration location.
- DOL Vehicle ID: Department of Licensing Vehicle Identification.
- Vehicle Location: Location of the vehicle.
- Electric Utility: Electric utility associated with the vehicle.
- 2020 Census Tract: Census tract of the registration location.

Source: Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL)

Note: Please refer to the original dataset for any specific usage restrictions or disclaimers.

https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/electric-vehicle-population-data




## Business Questions to Answer

### Market Penetration and Distribution:
- How is the distribution of electric vehicles (EVs) across different counties and cities?
- Which electric vehicle types (BEV or PHEV) are most popular in different regions?
- Which legislative districts have higher concentrations of EVs? In wich areas? (rural or urban)

### Market Trends and Preferences:
- What are the most popular makes and models of EVs?
- How have preferences for EVs changed over time, looking at the model year?
- What is the average electric range of vehicles preferred in different regions?

### Economic Analysis:
- What is the relationship between the base MSRP of EVs and their popularity in different regions?

Commit message:

Rework Questions and some of Analysis

README.md, after:

# Electric-Vehicles-in-Washington-EDA
Electric Vehicles in Washington EDA

Team DSFT 1 : Andreas Katsaros, Dimitris Farantos <br>
Project : Electric Vehicle Population


## About Dataset

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/daniilkrasnoproshin/electric-vehicle-population-data

Electric Vehicle Population Data for Washington State

Description:
This dataset presents registered Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs) and Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEVs) through the Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL). It includes information such as VIN, county, city, state, postal code, model year, make, model, electric vehicle type, eligibility for Clean Alternative Fuel Vehicle (CAFV), electric range, base MSRP, legislative district, DOL vehicle ID, vehicle location, electric utility, and 2020 census tract.

Usage:
Explore the distribution and trends of electric vehicle adoption in Washington State. Analyze factors influencing the choice of electric vehicles and their geographical distribution.

Headers:

- VIN (1-10): Vehicle Identification Number.
- County: County where the vehicle is registered.
- City: City where the vehicle is registered.
- State: State where the vehicle is registered.
- Postal Code: Postal code of the registration location.
- Model Year: Year of the vehicle model.
- Make: Manufacturer of the vehicle.
- Model: Model of the vehicle.
- Electric Vehicle Type: Type of electric vehicle (BEV or PHEV).
- CAFV Eligibility: Clean Alternative Fuel Vehicle eligibility.
- Electric Range: Range of the vehicle on electric power.
- Base MSRP: Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price.
- Legislative District: Legislative district of the registration location.
- DOL Vehicle ID: Department of Licensing Vehicle Identification.
- Vehicle Location: Location of the vehicle.
- Electric Utility: Electric utility associated with the vehicle.
- 2020 Census Tract: Census tract of the registration location.

Source: Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL)

Note: Please refer to the original dataset for any specific usage restrictions or disclaimers.

https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/electric-vehicle-population-data




## Business Questions to Answer

- How is the distribution of electric vehicles (EVs) across different counties and cities?
- Which electric vehicle types (BEV or PHEV) are most popular ?
- What are the most popular makes and models of EVs?
- What is the distribution of EVs through the years?
- What is the distribution of electric range of vehicles preffered?
- What is the relationship between the base MSRP of EVs and their popularity?
